content/blog/weektwo.md, before:

---
title: 'Weektwo'
date: 2023-08-29T14:09:36-04:00
draft: false
---

## Day One

I started and completed the [Project: Landing Page](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/foundations-landing-page) and my solution can be found on my [GitHub](https://github.com/Mishael-M/odin-landing-page) with the hosted website [here](https://mishael-m.github.io/odin-landing-page/).

- What I can say from completing this web page is that CSS is very tiresome. Hopefully with enough practice and experience, I will start to like it.
- I have also started the [JavaScript Basics Section](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/foundations/courses/foundations#javascript-basics)
  - For the most part, I have skimmed through the Parts 1 and 2 because I have solid knowledge on the basics of JavaScript
  - As of now, I have almost completed the [JavaScript Developer Tools Topic](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/foundations-javascript-developer-tools)
  - My goals for this section is to finish it as fast as I can because I have faith in my proficiency in programming which includes JavaScript.
    - I would like to start the JavaScript path as most of the HTML/CSS there is entirely new for myself.

## Day Two

I am still in the process of completing the [JavaScript Basics Section](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/foundations/courses/foundations#javascript-basics).

Things that I have done for today are:

- Completed the Javascript Developer Tools Topic
- Skipped over Fundamentals Part 3 because I had previous experience with the topic of functions.
- Finished the Problem Solving and Understanding Errors topics
  - These topics are always good to have in the back of my mind, especially when programming
- I skipped the Project: Rock Paper Scissors because I have already completed it back in the past when I first tried The Odin Project in 2018
  - My solution can be found [here](https://github.com/Mishael-M/rock-paper-scissors-ui) and the live website [here](https://mishael-m.github.io/rock-paper-scissors-ui/).
- I reviewed the Clean Code topic to ensure that I have the right mindset going into programming
- I installed Node.js and zipped through Fundamentals Part 4, which against was mostly review as these JavaScript topics are only introductory.
- I am now currently completing the [DOM Manipulation and Events section](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/foundations-dom-manipulation-and-events) which is a topic I last touched about 3 years ago
  - Since I do have experience in React, these concepts are abstracted away when using a JavaScript framework

Commit message:

Add Week Two Day Three content

content/blog/weektwo.md, after:

---
title: 'Weektwo'
date: 2023-08-29T14:09:36-04:00
draft: false
---

## Day One

I started and completed the [Project: Landing Page](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/foundations-landing-page) and my solution can be found on my [GitHub](https://github.com/Mishael-M/odin-landing-page) with the hosted website [here](https://mishael-m.github.io/odin-landing-page/).

- What I can say from completing this web page is that CSS is very tiresome. Hopefully with enough practice and experience, I will start to like it.
- I have also started the [JavaScript Basics Section](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/foundations/courses/foundations#javascript-basics)
  - For the most part, I have skimmed through the Parts 1 and 2 because I have solid knowledge on the basics of JavaScript
  - As of now, I have almost completed the [JavaScript Developer Tools Topic](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/foundations-javascript-developer-tools)
  - My goals for this section is to finish it as fast as I can because I have faith in my proficiency in programming which includes JavaScript.
    - I would like to start the JavaScript path as most of the HTML/CSS there is entirely new for myself.

## Day Two

I am still in the process of completing the [JavaScript Basics Section](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/foundations/courses/foundations#javascript-basics).

Things that I have done for today are:

- Completed the Javascript Developer Tools Topic
- Skipped over Fundamentals Part 3 because I had previous experience with the topic of functions.
- Finished the Problem Solving and Understanding Errors topics
  - These topics are always good to have in the back of my mind, especially when programming
- I skipped the Project: Rock Paper Scissors because I have already completed it back in the past when I first tried The Odin Project in 2018
  - My solution can be found [here](https://github.com/Mishael-M/rock-paper-scissors-ui) and the live website [here](https://mishael-m.github.io/rock-paper-scissors-ui/).
- I reviewed the Clean Code topic to ensure that I have the right mindset going into programming
- I installed Node.js and zipped through Fundamentals Part 4, which against was mostly review as these JavaScript topics are only introductory.
- I am now currently completing the [DOM Manipulation and Events topic](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/foundations-dom-manipulation-and-events) which is a topic I last touched about 3 years ago
  - Since I do have experience in React, these concepts are abstracted away when using a JavaScript framework

## Day Three

I am almost done the [JavaScript Basics Section](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/foundations/courses/foundations#javascript-basics).

- I completed the DOM Manipulation and Events section
- I have completed the [Fundamentals Part 5 topic](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/foundations-fundamentals-part-5)
  - This was mostly review as I had previous knowledge with objects and arrays for JavaScript.
- My goal tomorrow is to finish the [Calculator Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/foundations-calculator) as well as to start the [Full Stack JavaScript path](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-javascript).
